Name of Student: Ryan Ashby

Name of Project: Ski Lift Route Mapping

Project's Purpose or Goal: 

The purpose is to be able to use javascript graphs to construct nodes and optimal paths for ski trail runs. 

List the absolute minimum features the project requires to meet this purpose or goal: 

React or React Native App. 

I’ll need to learn a lot about graphing search algorithms. Using nodes, edges, and pathways.

If you finish developing the minimum viable product (MVP) with time to spare, what will you work on next?

If I can introduce mapping to find an optimal route, I’d like to add this functionality to specific ski mountains. I.E. I want to be able to scale it for multiple places, not just one. I’d also want to make it mobile. 

What additional tools, frameworks, libraries, APIs, or other resources will these additional features require?

To be honest, I know this is going to be quite a challenge, and I’m not entirely sure I’ll succeed, but it does solve a real-world problem and would be useful. I just hope I can get it running by presentation time. 

Is there anything else you'd like your instructor to know?

Have mercy if I can’t get this 100% working. I did not want to do a cookie-cutter-type project, but I may be singing another tune in a week or so. 

Day 1 Research Notes for “commit” history:

8:15:  Crash course in graph search algorithms.
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWNEl4HE2OE&ab_channel=Fireship

8:40: Meet up with other students for better approach. Suggestion to use Python's map plot lib. 

8:50 - 9:20: Coding along with airport graphing algorithm. Still in progress.

9:30- 10:15: Research rest syntax in mapping graph. Graph works. 

10:20 - 10:50: Break to eat

10:50 - 11:35: Research weighted graphs - following this tutorial: https://adrianmejia.com/data-structures-for-beginners-graphs-time-complexity-tutorial/

11:35 - 12:10: Taking notes and continuing research. Added Notes.txt file.

12:15 - 1:25: Add additional notes and try an object oriented approach

1:30 - 2:00: Add vertices and edges to graphs. Add Graph.js file. 